just all right here's Embry all I got
from Lawrence's Hillary Roberto embryo
this is a first cap effortless Reserve
grand champion female Panaya Beef Expo
amber alpha how sir
member homo helper so this heifer
they're both almost a year
here comes amber she's always got the
messiest but converting that grass
that's her cap right there born November
18th an article from a yearling heifers
this is a pepper cap
Otto's a no and that deserve grand champ
first calf heifer amber elbow
well she's only three weeks younger than
this
Amber's calf supposedly growth on it
her caps out of the Big Unit and wonder
this is another Amber's anal bull calf
over there and be pretty good
well Lawrence here's here
Hilary Roberto embryo you gave me she's
pretty good
this is a fur cap from last year out of
the Big Unit it's going to be a rug good
passer
so your mother's Hilary personal and
father's beginning he rolled in about a
month
you can almost tell those anal gals no
matter who the mother is
this is a dealer Roberto Big Unit heifer
she's just over a year
here's Amber's gap number 18
you